Hello everyone and welcome to the functions training exercise lecture and this lecture we're going to
get a brief overview of the training exercise for the functions lecture.
Let's go ahead and jump to the notebook.
All right.
Here I am at the notebook.
And in this note book which is going to test your knowledge of how to create functions in our some of
these are going to be a little tricky so take your time with them.
The first two examples I'm going to walk through right now an example number one the assignment is to
create a function that takes in a name as a string argument and prints out hello and then space the
name in this function.
All I had to do is say hello you assign function the input is name.
And then I said prints and I use the paste function to paste together these two strings.
Hello.
And then the input string name.
And that means when I call.
Hello underscore you Sam.
I get as an output the printed statement.
Hello Sam.
Example Number two is create a function that takes in the names a string argument and returns a string
of the form.
Hello name.
Note the difference here.
Example one asks for the printed out statement.
Hello name.
Example 2 asks you to return a string of the form.
Hello name meaning you're going to use the return keyword and that means you can actually set Hello
you.
To another variable and it will return the string Hello name.
So just keep that in mind the difference between printing out the solution versus actually returning
the solution.
Then go ahead and just walk through the rest of these exercises such as creating a function that will
return the product of two integers etc..
Just go ahead and scroll down.
Example outputs of what it should look like when accepting certain arguments.
Example for an example or exercise exercise for an exercise 5 are a little trickier an exercise 6 is
also a little tricky.
Keep that in mind take your time with them.
There are little more on the computer science side than just understanding how functions work.
So take your time with them and approach the solutions and the notebook for the solutions in case you
need any hints or tips.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture where we'll be doing a full walk of all the solutions
to these exercises.